Update TS Guides for Native Types (#2064)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/typescript/application-development/converting-an-app.md

}
```

```js {data-filename="config/ember-cli-update.json" data-diff="+12"}
{
  // ...
  "packages": [
    {
      "name": "ember-cli",
      // ...
      "blueprints": [
        {
          // ...
          "options": [
            // ...
            "--typescript"
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

### Configure ESLint

> Then, update your `.eslintrc.js` to include the [current output from the Ember CLI blueprints][eslintrc]. You might consider using ESLint [overrides][] configuration to separately configure your JavaScript and TypeScript files during the migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, update your `eslint.config.mjs` to include the [current output from the Ember CLI blueprints][eslintrc]. You might consider using ESLint [overrides][] configuration to separately configure your JavaScript and TypeScript files during the migration.
```

https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-new-output/blob/v6.2.0/eslint.config.mjs

If you're migrating from `ember-cli-typescript` to Ember's native TypeScript support, most of your existing configuration will still be relevant. Just read through the steps of this guide and ensure that your config matches the expected config as described above.

<!-- Internal links -->

[ED-ts-guides]: ../../core-concepts/ember-data/#toc_adding-emberdata-types-to-an-existing-typescript-app
[getting started]: ../../getting-started/
[legacy]: ../../additional-resources/legacy/
[packages]: ../../getting-started/#toc_packages-to-support-typescript
[strictness]: ../../additional-resources/faq/#toc_strictness

<!-- External links -->

[allowJs]: https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/#allowJs
[any]: https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/everyday-types.html#any
[dts]: https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/declaration-files/introduction.html
[environment.d.ts]: https://github.com/ember-cli/editor-output/blob/stackblitz-app-output-typescript/app/config/environment.d.ts

> [eslintrc]: https://github.com/ember-cli/editor-output/blob/stackblitz-app-output-typescript/.eslintrc.js

Reviewer: this file doesn't exist anymore, it's now mjs

it's now here: https://github.com/ember-cli/editor-output/blob/stackblitz-app-output-typescript/eslint.config.mjs

```suggestion
[eslintrc]: https://github.com/ember-cli/editor-output/blob/stackblitz-app-output-typescript/eslint.config.mjs
```
